except for you're in your 60s you've
been drinking pretty good for the last
40 years you wanted your cataracts your
grip isn't what it was the ladders not
fit set up properly and it's raining and
you get up and you fall off all these
guys fall off I know I mean look my old
man was only 42 and he was still in good
shape and he did the wrong thing he
swung a hammer my father
Donny didn't sure didn't your wife's dad
die are not wife's dad but didn't oh oh
no your cousins that wife's dad died
falling off a ladder laughs yeah well
you're right about women like you never
I'm sorry about that by the way buddy
thank you yes Ronnie doing the Cheech
movie for cheese man but a woman you
never hear about a woman getting
paralyzed vacuuming right I'm making a
grilled cheese sandwich
right guys fall off ladders and they get
your dad was paralyzed yeah he became a
quadriplegic but what my father did was
my old man he was unlike me in the sense
that he wasn't an addict and I write
about this in my book he never did drugs
maybe smoke to Jay or there but never
did drugs barely drank but and wasn't a
gambler either my old man told me again
another word for gamblers loser cuz you
work hard for your money and I have all
those vices right but his big thing was
he was addicted to the scam he grew up
on the streets of Newark 14th they ever
know in Newark and just in dirt poverty
and he learned that it you know those
like you know almost like the angels
with dirty faces like the Bowery Boys
like stealing an apple or something it's
not he started out with that and he the
latter he fell off of his stole like the
lawyer the lawyer said like as soon as a
lawyer here someone's a quadriplegic
they immediately know somebody just sue
because the jury doesn't even give a
fuck about if you're right or wrong we
just feel sorry for you so they Ward you
money so this lawyer I got this other
kid money met with us and he cut he sits
down he goes we're gonna suit a lot of
company real simple and my father was
like you know there's a problem with
that he's like I stole it and and also
he couldn't reach the top of the roof so
he put the ladder on a picnic table and
climbed up that's what he that's what he
used to my father thought he was
Superman you know right and honor on a
roof he did anything so he was on the
top rung trying to hammer a nail in a
secure wire for an antenna and it
wobbled and and he fell so he was
working he was working I was you know
making a living that's what he did for a
living man he fell 30 feet right on his
head and you know again look my old man
always thought the last four years of
his life he was a quadriplegic and
couldn't move and and he was you know he
wasn't a reader he was a physical guy it
was it was a living hell it would be
forever
once a week he asked me to kill him he
would ask me to kill him and he asked
everyone and I told my other cousins my
guy cousin somebody's crazy friends from
Newark he said yeah I used to ask us
every day and I would say to him dad you
know I know you're in hell but what if I
did that what about me I'm your son I'm
19 what if they put me away forever and
he's like leave the pills here I'll get
them in my mouth so Malik it was that
tortured you know and and he always
thought he was paying for his sins I'm
like well dad to the best of my
knowledge he never killed anybody I mean
Hitler didn't go through this you know
every what you do that was so fuckin bad
and I mean he had tremendous guilt and
of course you don't believe in God he
said to me there's nothing up there you
know he didn't believe in God but yet he
thought he was being punished
cosmically well well he just thought my
old man believed in like street justice
anything but he it maybe didn't believe
in God but maybe he thought there was an
entity out there like that fucked with
you or karma whatever you want to call
it you know at the end there was a
Monsignor there's Irish guy not one of
the priests of fucks kids a good way he
would meet with my father and and he
claimed after my father died that he
made peace with God I don't know what
that means but yeah right exactly my old
man's you know now he's cutting his
losses but he'd say like what happened
with the latter was he went to a store
in Jersey a big department store was
Sears you know Sears Roebuck and there
was a guy from Bell Atlantic the phone
company the truck was there and he had
the ladder up to the roof and he it was
a nice ladder
my father just took the ladder and put
it on his van and drove away so I go out
you know was your dad at this point when
he'd stolen latter yeah by about 38 so
it wasn't like he was addicted to
praying he was a kleptomaniac
really look first of all also a ladder's
of I gotta say is a guy who always
worked as a carpenter and who needed
ladders needed tools there's certain
tools that are sort of you you feel like
buying tools is weird because you're
essentially using them to complete a job
to get paid right but it's you don't
make money with the tool I mean you just
make money with the tool but it costs
you money like it's like if you did
stand-up and you had to buy the
microphone well like carrot top has a
lot of overhead right yeah all right
it's got a steamer trunk right carrot
tops got a you know build a shed before
he tells a joke but there's some tools
right
don't feel like buying a cordless drill
feels great right buying a router feels
great a routers are cool - who won't
feel as cool it's like I just bought a
porter cable router it's got a half-inch
chuck I got the quarter I searched it
feels great
correlate to use on your wife when she
doesn't listen random or if the black
guys don't work get out the router the
the the sawzall another good one use
when the only citations black guys so
and you at this point all I have to do
is fire it up and she knows you know I
don't have to use it on or anymore just
just a familiar sound of it when the dog
hears the can opener right if my dog
sees me light a cigarette he knows the
behave himself right exactly in the
living room again
come here Fido but to be to be fair to
your dad well I'm trying a bit I'm not
doing it I'm making them sound like
Manson I'm gonna help I'm gonna help
being certain tools feel it feels shitty
to buy like ladders and work tables and
saw to buy anything and ladders are
expensive right
ladders are like for good extension
ladder and evidently this one didn't
extend quite far another T two feet he
needed a 40-footer and you almost got a
hernia stealing the picnic table but
talk about my father really start fuck
my father would never steal a picnic
table go fuck yourself what an asshole
so the point is about another lavender
shirt no one wants to spend 280 bucks on
a ladder right a router feels good
ladder feels like like shit so in his
defense he's stealing a tool that nobody
really wants to me my father's crazy
logic if it was given to him from
exactly you hit on the point this was my
father's crazy logic we would say well
how do you think the guy got down from
the roof well I'm sure my father go they
got down and everything was alright and
they probably told bail I need another
ladder if it was edge roofing company he
wouldn't have stolen a ladder because
it's like that guy needs it but because
it was a bit he feels like he was
stealing from a corporation that rips us
off for long distance phone calls right
that was his logic so when we told the
lawyer that it was a stolen ladder he
didn't know what the fuck to do he fell
off a house talk about shit luck